Add documentation for kopia repository server controller workflow (#2077)
kanisterio/kanister: docs/Tutorial/tutorial_repositoryserver.rst

.. _tutorial:

> Blueprint using kopia repository server as Data Mover

Reviewer: We can write the heading as:

**Using Kopia Repository Server as Data Mover in Blueprint**

Rewrote the heading. In general, it is not common to write capitalize prepositions, including "using," in the middle of the headings and titles. Which is the correct term "Data Mover" or "Datamover" or in certain contexts, we can use it as a single word? 
Additionally, I assume that the headings' initial letters will be capitalized consistently throughout the documentation?

=====================================================

This tutorial will demonstrate the use of Kopia to copy/restore backups 
to a kopia repository. We will be using kanister functions 

> that use Kopia repository Server as datamover in the blueprint. For more documentation

Reviewer: The sentence can be rewritten multiple ways. Here you can find either of the following ways:

In this tutorial, you will learn how to use Kopia for copying and restoring backups to a Kopia repository. The process will involve employing Kanister functions within the blueprint, with the Kopia repository Server serving as the datamover. 

or

Using Kopia, this tutorial will demonstrate the copying and restoring backups to a Kopia repository. To accomplish this, we will make use of Kanister functions within the blueprint, leveraging the Kopia repository Server as the datamover.

Author: We may have to change the blueprint to not use kanister functions and change the tutorial description altogether, hence I am not addressing this comment right now. Will wait for Pavan's comments

> that use Kopia repository Server as datamover in the blueprint. For more documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that use Kopia repository Server as datamover in the blueprint. For additional documentation
```

> on kanister functions and blueprints see :ref:`architecture` ,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on kanister functions and blueprints, refer to the :ref:`architecture` and :ref:`kanister functions` sections, respectively. 
```
